South Park once said it takes 22.3 years for something tragic to become funny and the tragic events of 2001 appear to fit this bill.

Now that we're seeing that now Verse 2001 memes hit the Internet.

The earliest version of this meme I could find was released on the 10th of February by Cracker Milk which has racked up over 7 million views.

But if you have seen an example that takes the specific format then please comment below.

These clips play on the audience's expectations of now Verse Then videos which we have been conditioned to assume will show something kind of.

Happening now, Then compare it to something awesome from the early 2000s.

Then of course we're hit with footage from that particular event from 2001, which is so sensitive that I'm kind of worried to show any clips of it lest YouTube strike me down from the earth.

This is probably the reason why most of these memes only show a second or two of the actual event, never lingering on the gory details.

That being said, it's great to see memes satirizing the generational content that's shut out on a constant basis by accounts exploiting nostalgia to gain views and engagement, even if this humor occurs with the subtlety of a sledgehammer.

Then there's the clips that take it one step further and satirize the memes, such as Extreme Potato 103's work referencing gamers in 2021 versus 2001. It's worth noting that there's an entire Wikipedia article titled Humor based on the September 11 attacks, which makes it clear that this phenomenon is no small thing.

This is especially the case of people born after.

Particular year as they no doubt see it differently compared to their parents who lived through it.

It's certainly been present in digital culture for decades, with jokes surrounding the year of 2001 hitting meme culture many times over.

From George Bush learning about what happened to using AI to create the most cursed images in existence.

This concept is not particularly new as it is used for shock value constantly.

After all, this shock factor has proven to be an exceptionally strong draw to joking about the events that transpired in 2001. You are almost guaranteed to get some sort of reaction if you mention.

In passing, and that is a powerful temptation for many.

In short, whilst we're seeing these new memes about it today which managed to satirize those now versus then videos you might find in the wild, the concept is certainly a very old format that is reliably used to generate emotions like shock, amusement and outrage, which ultimately leads to engagement on social media.

What meme would you guys like me to give a lesson in next? Let me know in the comments below.

I remember, like and subscribe.

Yeah.

Or else.

